1. What is the source of the visualization? Source: https://www.keepingcurrentmatters.com/2012/10/26/national-housing-metrics-infographic/ This website contains a number of real estate-related infographics that people can use in their own presentations.  
2. Who is the intended audience? This is indended for people in real estate: buyers and sellers. It said that on the webpage, but also the infographic says "National Association of Realtor's Existing Home Sales Report," implying that this is targeted at people who care about changes in real estate compared to last year.


1. Identify the specific components of the visual that is/are misleading: The arrows are all the same size, but the values of each arrow are different. The way this is displayed, it appears that the changes should be equal in magnitude (but they're not), and also that the four metrics displayed should be in the same category (almost like a bar chart) but actually they are four very different metrics.  
2. For each part(s) of the visualization that is/are misleading, identify the mechanism that is used: hiding relevant data to highlight what benefits us; displaying too much data to obscure reality; using graphic forms in inappropriate ways (distorting the data): They are distorting the data by using the size of the graphics in inappropriate ways  
3. Explain how the mechanisms are used to mislead: I think that this misleads the reader to think that the improvements (sales up, prices up) and declines (days on the market, inventory listing) are equally important to the housing market, when in reality, some are more influential than others. I also think that red is often intuitively interpreted as a negative thing, but in this case the decreases in those metrics are a good thing for realtors, so that may be a poor choice of colors that the designer did not mean to do.